src/posts/20250403-essential-keyboard-shortcuts-en.md, before:

---
draft: false
hot: false
featured: true
lang: en
id: 202503c-essential-shortcuts
title: >-
  This Is Your First Step to Saving Time! Essential Shortcuts You Can Use
  Starting Today 
description: >-
  Discover useful shortcut keys for Windows and Office 365 to enhance
  productivity and streamline your workflow, starting today! 
image: /uploads/202503c-essential-shortcuts-social-en.jpg
author: Yorihisa Nakada
category: Microsoft-365
comments: {}
date: 2025-03-28T03:12:00.000Z
last_modified: 2025-04-25T08:36:00.000Z
tags: []
image_top: /uploads/202503c-essential-shortcuts-top.jpg
---
Have you ever experienced something like this? You keep clicking through windows thinking, “Wait, where did that screen go?” Or you make a mistake and find yourself scrambling to figure out how to undo it. Sometimes you even slam your laptop shut when someone suddenly starts talking to you. Before you know it, a simple task ends up taking over 3 minutes. But what if I told you — _there’s a way to do that same task in just **one second**_? 

<!--more-->

Here, we’ve gathered a collection of basic shortcuts you can start using right now. 
No complicated steps, no advanced knowledge required. Just simple, practical shortcuts that feel intuitive — ones your fingers will remember for you. 

## Useful Shortcut Keys for Windows
### Basic operations 
For relieving everyday little frustrations...

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Basic Windows Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>D</kbd></td>
      <td>Show desktop</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>E</kbd></td>
      <td>Open File Explorer</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd></td>
      <td>Open Task View</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd></td>
      <td>Switch between open windows</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>L</kbd></td>
      <td>Lock the screen</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Boost productivity 
Quiet time-savers for smart workers...

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Productivity Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Esc</kbd></td>
      <td>Open Task Manager</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd></td>
      <td>Take a screenshot (selectable area)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>←/→</kbd></td>
      <td>Move window to another display</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd></td>
      <td>Show clipboard history</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>.</kbd></td>
      <td>Show a Emoji panel</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


## Shortcut Keys for Office 365 
### Word 

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Word Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>B</kbd></td>
      <td>Bold text</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>I</kbd></td>
      <td>Italicize text</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd></td>
      <td>Underline text</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Enter</kbd></td>
      <td>Insert page break</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Z</kbd> / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Y</kbd></td>
      <td>Undo / Redo</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Excel

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Excel Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>+</kbd></td>
      <td>Insert row or column</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>-</kbd></td>
      <td>Delete row or column</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>L</kbd></td>
      <td>Apply filter</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>F4</kbd></td>
      <td>Repeat last action</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>1</kbd></td>
      <td>Open Format Cells dialog</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Outlook

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Outlook Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd></td>
      <td>Reply to email</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd></td>
      <td>Reply all</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>N</kbd></td>
      <td>Create a new email</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Enter</kbd></td>
      <td>Send email</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd></td>
      <td>Add a new calendar event</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Once you start using keyboard shortcuts, you’ll be surprised how much faster your work gets. Each shortcut may save just a few seconds, but when used many times a day, it really adds up. 

**Knowing shortcuts isn’t enough — what matters is actually using them.** 
Try picking just one shortcut that interests you and use it today. Even that small step can change the pace of your workflow. 

A little help from your fingertips might just make your workday smoother. 

![図形](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABCAYAAAAfFcSJAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAAANSURBVBhXY2BgYGAAAAAFAAGKM+MAAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC) 

> [!TIP] 
> **Top 4 Shortcuts to Try Today:**
> - <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd>: Switch between windows 
> - <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>L</kbd>: Instantly lock your screen 
> - <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd>: Show clipboard history
> - <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd>: Take a screenshot of a selected area  
>  <br>

Commit message:

Add site search keyb shortcut to post
Why not have people try it right away, in this site...

src/posts/20250403-essential-keyboard-shortcuts-en.md, after:

---
draft: false
hot: false
featured: true
lang: en
id: 202503c-essential-shortcuts
title: >-
  This Is Your First Step to Saving Time! Essential Shortcuts You Can Use
  Starting Today 
description: >-
  Discover useful shortcut keys for Windows and Office 365 to enhance
  productivity and streamline your workflow, starting today! 
image: /uploads/202503c-essential-shortcuts-social-en.jpg
author: Yorihisa Nakada
category: Microsoft-365
comments: {}
date: 2025-03-28T03:12:00.000Z
last_modified: 2025-04-25T21:30:00.000Z
tags: []
image_top: /uploads/202503c-essential-shortcuts-top.jpg
---
Have you ever experienced something like this? You keep clicking through windows thinking, “Wait, where did that screen go?” Or you make a mistake and find yourself scrambling to figure out how to undo it. Sometimes you even slam your laptop shut when someone suddenly starts talking to you. Before you know it, a simple task ends up taking over 3 minutes. But what if I told you — _there’s a way to do that same task in just **one second**_? 

<!--more-->

Here, we’ve gathered a collection of basic shortcuts you can start using right now. 
No complicated steps, no advanced knowledge required. Just simple, practical shortcuts that feel intuitive — ones your fingers will remember for you. 

## Useful Shortcut Keys for Windows
### Basic operations 
For relieving everyday little frustrations...

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Basic Windows Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>D</kbd></td>
      <td>Show desktop</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>E</kbd></td>
      <td>Open File Explorer</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd></td>
      <td>Open Task View</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd></td>
      <td>Switch between open windows</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>L</kbd></td>
      <td>Lock the screen</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Boost productivity 
Quiet time-savers for smart workers...

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Productivity Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Esc</kbd></td>
      <td>Open Task Manager</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd></td>
      <td>Take a screenshot (selectable area)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>←/→</kbd></td>
      <td>Move window to another display</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd></td>
      <td>Show clipboard history</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>.</kbd></td>
      <td>Show a Emoji panel</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


## Shortcut Keys for Office 365 
### Word 

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Word Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>B</kbd></td>
      <td>Bold text</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>I</kbd></td>
      <td>Italicize text</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd></td>
      <td>Underline text</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Enter</kbd></td>
      <td>Insert page break</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Z</kbd> / <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Y</kbd></td>
      <td>Undo / Redo</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Excel

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Excel Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>+</kbd></td>
      <td>Insert row or column</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>-</kbd></td>
      <td>Delete row or column</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>L</kbd></td>
      <td>Apply filter</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>F4</kbd></td>
      <td>Repeat last action</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>1</kbd></td>
      <td>Open Format Cells dialog</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Outlook

<table class="not-prose w-full text-sm">
  <caption>
    Table: Outlook Keyboard Shortcuts
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Shortcut Key</th>
      <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd></td>
      <td>Reply to email</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd></td>
      <td>Reply all</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>N</kbd></td>
      <td>Create a new email</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Enter</kbd></td>
      <td>Send email</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd></td>
      <td>Add a new calendar event</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Once you start using keyboard shortcuts, you’ll be surprised how much faster your work gets. Each shortcut may save just a few seconds, but when used many times a day, it really adds up. 

**Knowing shortcuts isn’t enough — what matters is actually using them.** 
Try picking just one shortcut that interests you and use it today. Even that small step can change the pace of your workflow. In fact, you can even try one right now in this site - press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>k</kbd> if you're on Windows, or <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>k</kbd> on Mac, to open the search popup.

A little help from your fingertips might just make your workday smoother. 

![図形](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABCAYAAAAfFcSJAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAAANSURBVBhXY2BgYGAAAAAFAAGKM+MAAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC) 

> [!TIP] 
> **Top 4 Shortcuts to Try Today:**
> - <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd>: Switch between windows 
> - <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>L</kbd>: Instantly lock your screen 
> - <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd>: Show clipboard history
> - <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd>: Take a screenshot of a selected area  
>  <br>
