src/posts/firstpost_en.md, before:

---
lang: en
id: 20180823a
title: This is a post with mastodon comments
date: '2018-08-23'
author: Óscar Otero
tags:
  - English
  - Placeholder
  - Example
  - Lorem ipsum
  - JavaScript
  - TypeScript
comments:
  src: 'https://mastodon.gal/@misteroom/110810445656343599'
draft: true
---
TEST Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews.
Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to
further the overall value proposition. Organically grow the holistic world view
of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.

<!--more-->

![Image](/uploads/jrc-cleanshot-microsoft-word-2025-02-19-145534jst@2x.png)

```js
// this is a command
function myCommand() {
  let counter = 0;

  counter++;
}

// Test with a line break above this line.
console.log("Test");
```

Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination.
At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from
generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. User
generated content in real-time will have multiple touchpoints for offshoring.

## Section Header

Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added activity to
beta test. Override the digital divide with additional clickthroughs from
DevOps. Nanotechnology immersion along the information highway will close the
loop on focusing solely on the bottom line.

Here is a footnote reference,[^1] and [^2]another. And this[^3] is a long note.

[^1]: Here is the footnote.

[^2]: And here's another footnote.

[^3]: Here's one with multiple blocks.

    Subsequent paragraphs are indented (4 spaces) to show that they belong to
    the previous footnote.

Commit message:

update to get last modified

src/posts/firstpost_en.md, after:

---
lang: en
id: 20180823a
title: This is a post with mastodon comments
date: 2018-08-23T00:00:00.000Z
author: Óscar Otero
tags:
  - English
  - Placeholder
  - Example
  - Lorem ipsum
  - JavaScript
  - TypeScript
comments:
  src: 'https://mastodon.gal/@misteroom/110810445656343599'
draft: true
last_modified: 2025-02-26T00:28:00.000Z
description: This is the description...
image: /uploads/blog-esolia-pro-default.png
---
TEST Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews.
Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to
further the overall value proposition. Organically grow the holistic world view
of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.

<!--more-->

![Image](/uploads/jrc-cleanshot-microsoft-word-2025-02-19-145534jst@2x.png)

```js
// this is a command
function myCommand() {
  let counter = 0;

  counter++;
}

// Test with a line break above this line.
console.log("Test");
```

Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination.
At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from
generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. User
generated content in real-time will have multiple touchpoints for offshoring.

## Section Header

Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added activity to
beta test. Override the digital divide with additional clickthroughs from
DevOps. Nanotechnology immersion along the information highway will close the
loop on focusing solely on the bottom line.

Here is a footnote reference,[^1] and [^2]another. And this[^3] is a long note.

[^1]: Here is the footnote.

[^2]: And here's another footnote.

[^3]: Here's one with multiple blocks.

    Subsequent paragraphs are indented (4 spaces) to show that they belong to
    the previous footnote.
