src/posts/firstpost.md, before:

---
lang: ja
id: 20180823a
title: 日本語 This is a post with mastodon comments
date: '2018-08-23'
author: Rick Cogley
tags:
  - プレースホルダー
  - 例
  - ジャバスクリプト
  - タイプスクリプト
  - 在宅型テレワーカー
comments:
  src: 'https://mastodon.gal/@misteroom/110810445656343599'
draft: true
---
我が輩は猫でアル Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews.
Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to
further the overall value proposition. Organically grow the holistic world view
of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.

<!--more-->

```js
// this is a command
function myCommand() {
  let counter = 0;

  counter++;
}

// Test with a line break above this line.
console.log("Test");
```

Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination.
At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from
generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. User
generated content in real-time will have multiple touchpoints for offshoring.

## Section Header

Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added activity to
beta test. Override the digital divide with additional clickthroughs from
DevOps. Nanotechnology immersion along the information highway will close the
loop on focusing solely on the bottom line.

Here is a footnote reference,[^1] and [^2]another. And this[^3] is a long note.

[^1]: Here is the footnote.

[^2]: And here's another footnote.

[^3]: Here's one with multiple blocks.

    Subsequent paragraphs are indented (4 spaces) to show that they belong to
    the previous footnote.

Commit message:

update to get last modified

src/posts/firstpost.md, after:

---
lang: ja
id: 20180823a
title: 日本語 This is a post with mastodon comments
date: 2018-08-23T00:00:00.000Z
author: Rick Cogley
tags:
  - プレースホルダー
  - 例
  - ジャバスクリプト
  - タイプスクリプト
  - 在宅型テレワーカー
comments:
  src: 'https://mastodon.gal/@misteroom/110810445656343599'
draft: true
last_modified: 2025-02-26T00:27:00.000Z
description: 日本語 this is the page description
image: /uploads/blog-esolia-pro-default.png
category: Tutorials
---
我が輩は猫でアル Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews.
Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to
further the overall value proposition. Organically grow the holistic world view
of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.

<!--more-->

```js
// this is a command
function myCommand() {
  let counter = 0;

  counter++;
}

// Test with a line break above this line.
console.log("Test");
```

Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination.
At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from
generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. User
generated content in real-time will have multiple touchpoints for offshoring.

## Section Header

Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added activity to
beta test. Override the digital divide with additional clickthroughs from
DevOps. Nanotechnology immersion along the information highway will close the
loop on focusing solely on the bottom line.

Here is a footnote reference,[^1] and [^2]another. And this[^3] is a long note.

[^1]: Here is the footnote.

[^2]: And here's another footnote.

[^3]: Here's one with multiple blocks.

    Subsequent paragraphs are indented (4 spaces) to show that they belong to
    the previous footnote.
